---
title: Test 2025
permalink: /test-2025/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><strong>About the One Story project</strong>
</p>
<p>One Story is a National Reading Movement initiative to make Singapore
short stories - originally written in Tamil, Malay and Chinese - available
in the other languages. The project aims to bring these stories to more
readers beyond the language communities that they were originally written
for.</p>
<p><strong>Flamingo Valley</strong>
</p>
<p><em>Amanda Lee Koe</em>
</p>
<p><strong>Presently</strong>
</p>
<p>“Ling Ko Mui, the hot fuss of Flamingo Valley,” the old Malay man says.
“Oh ho, you still gots it, don’t you baby.”</p>
<p>All the old Chinese men and women turn up their yellow wrinkled faces
like sea turtles, and Deddy Haikel gestures at her with a flourish. Ling
Ko Mui creaks her gaze tentatively toward him.</p>
<p>“Yes you!” Deddy Haikel says, “I’m talking to you, girl.” But her clouded
eyes have swiveled back to the television set, where a Mandarin travel
show is airing.</p>
<p><em>Didn’t you ask me to take you for a ride on my motorbike?</em>
</p>
<p><em>Didn’t you come see me play the National Theatre?</em>
</p>
<p><em>Didn’t your Chinese boyfriend beat me up on Bencoolen Street?</em>
</p>
<p>Deddy Haikel picks up his guitar, which is never ever too far away, and
begins strumming the first few chords of <em>Barbara Shimmies on Bugis Street</em>.
His voice isn’t like it was, not since the throat op, but it reaches into
Ling Ko Mui and she looks up at him, her squinting eyes almost meeting
his.</p>
<p>“The woman is <em>nyanyuk</em>,” one of the old Chinese men croaks to Deddy
Haikel, twirling a finger beside his temple. “Doesn’t remember anything.
Can’t even recognize her daughter.”</p>
<p>Deddy Haikel lets the riff sag, props a leg on a chair and says, “Hey
this whole ward is the <em>nyanyuk </em>ward, isn’t it? Don’t think you’re
so smart. You’re soft in the head too.” He turns back to Ling Ko Mui, but
she has averted her eyes, in exactly the same manner as when she was eighteen
and he asked her for a dance.</p>
<p>There are things that cut through swathes of memory, that are non-essential,
that drag you down, but you can’t offload them because there is only one
way to throw them overboard and that is for you to walk the plank.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&lt;continue the story in ENGLISH PDF&gt;</p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>